# Base In A Box

Base In A Box is a simple mod that builds upon the concept of a Shulker Box. While a normal Shulker Box can store items, a Base Box can store an entire base. Each player has access to up to 17 unique Base Boxes (one for each dye color, and one for the basic undyed Base Box). These bases are yours personally; no other player may enter them. Additionally, Base boxes that have been placed by a player can only be interacted with or destroyed by the player that placed them. But be careful! Trying to use a bed while within a Base Box will yield the same explosive results that attempting to use a bed in other non-Overworld dimensions (The Nether, The End) does.

Furthermore, while the Hume level of the Box Dimension has not yet been measured, it is known that it is an exceptionally unstable dimension. Therefore, attempting to teleport while inside of it using Chorus Fruit or an Ender Pearl is inadvisable. Additionally, accessing the interior of another Base Box while already within one is believed to be impossible. For example, a player within a Blue Base Box may not enter the pocket dimension of a Black Base Box directly. He or she must instead return to the Overworld (or Nether, or End) first, place down the Black Base Box, and then enter it.

This mod is in its extremely early stages. As such, it is prone to errors and edge cases that The Sex Haver has not accounted for. Please report any such errors to The Sex Haver at your earliest convenience. He is still new to making mods for Minecraft. Also, please note that any mods that add other dimensions are currently incompatible with Base In A Box. This may be fixed in a future version, depending on demand and feasability.
